# Questionaire Backend 

**Requires Java 21 (There is no good reason to start a project on any lower version)**

***(Most of this was auto generated by the Quakrus Template and correct, so I've left it in place)***

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.
If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: <https://quarkus.io/>.

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:

```shell script
./gradlew quarkusDev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at <http://localhost:8080/q/dev/>.

## Packaging and running the application 

The application can be packaged using:

```shell script
./gradlew build
```

It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `build/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `build/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar build/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:

```shell script
./gradlew build -Dquarkus.package.jar.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar build/*-runner.jar`.

---- ***END OF GENERATED QUARKUS TEMPLATE TEXT*** --------


## How to use

One of the major requirements we have is to allow for an open api spec. I have added it as a dependency
and when running in development mode its possible to use the swagger-ui built from the endpoints to query them and
see the schemas for the objects.

It is available at this address:

```
http://localhost:8080/q/swagger-ui/
```

From there you can send requests see responses and the schema of the data available. 

### Miscellaneous notes

Normally I'd prefer to do unit testing but given the nature of the assignment it'd feel a bit pointless as the logic of
classes is primarily in the service classes and the rest is models for the most part and probably not an integration 
test would cover nearly the same areas.

I only added one answer type for now as when I looked at the med express website for an example that is what I saw.  
I am certain however that there likely would be a need/demand for more types of questions in the future. 

I've split the endpoints into question and answer, but you could feasible join them under a questionaire endpoint however
in practice I think this would be more difficult to maintain and extend. 

